5	Delicious salad! Fast service. Will definitely go there again. :)
4	So I got into an accident and put my car out of commission so going out isn't really an option for me at the moment. I decided to order in and chose this place specifically because I've never tried it. I ordered the hot wings, eggplant parmesan sandwich, and limoncello marscapone cake. The wings were a little fatty but the sandwich was incredibly yummy and the cake was the most absolutely delicious thing I have ever put in my mouth. You NEED to order that cake. Delivery was fairly quick and the delivery guy was really nice. I'll be back.
4	Ok, so I have only been here once prior to today and it was a memorable one (a good memory). I remember the staff were super friendly, I got my pizza within a reasonable time and the pizza being super tasty. This time I decided to order through yelp which was super easy and convenient since I hate calling in an order when riding the bus since it's so noisy. I was able to do some grocery shopping as I waited for my order and when I showed up at the estimated 10-15 minute wait time my order was ready and all I had to do was pay. The gentleman at the counter was really nice and ring me up really quickly and handed me my pizza. Today was Monday so they're special today was order a large specialty pizza and receive a small one topping pizza for free. What an awesome deal, they had other various specials throughout the week or if you spent over a certain amount. I ordered the Quattro Stagione and a cheese for the free small pizza. The Quattro Stagione has prosciutto, fresh basil, mushrooms, parmesan and pizza sauce. My goodness, the prosciutto was nice and crispy the cheese you could tell was quality, the fresh basil really brought the pizza together. They have an array of choices in their menu, and some pretty awesome coupons. It is a bit difficult to find of you're lot familiar with Federal Way. The storefront is small and sandwiched between a martial arts studio and a mini mart. Just use your nose to find them, it smells super good once you get closer. I will be making this my regular pizza stop when we are sick of Costco pizza!
5	I wanted a good pizza that was close to being authentic from NY. This hit the spot for a bit but I am gonna drive back to NY for some real pizza! I swear I'd pay a thousand bucks for real pizza. If you need to satisfy the craving this is decent for west coast pizza. West coast pizza is always blah the crust is never right and the cheese isn't right but this was 5 stars for west coast pizza. The wings were a bit more squishy and not crispy compared to a NY wing. The pizza was ok nice slice size and cheese. Delivery took about an hour and the price on Tuesday is discounted. 2 pizzas, wings, and delivery came to $30 plus a tip of $5 = $35. Not bad for pizza delivery in the area. The toppings are also pretty customizable and so are the crust/cheese options. Nice customer service.
2	Great service but wasn't that impressed with the pizza. Wasn't flavorful enough and overall it was very forgettable. Was hoping for more.
1	Last nite we ordered a pizza and 4 chicken feds. all 4 were dried out and hardly any sauce and i had 4 little pieces of chicken . The others  about the same amount of chicken. It seems since we had 4 of the same item 12.00 each we had the equivalent   of 1 chicken fed. As of 3/5/15 The owner has contacted me to resolve the order. I will write a update in a few weeks to let you all know if the food is satisfactory. Thanks Mario.
2	Completely disappointed.... They charge $13 for a plate of pasta ( the pasta is $2 ) little pieces of chicken and the sauce mixed with water, we could not taste the "Alfredo" more like "Waterdo" seriously do not sell pasta if you can't cook.. I will never buy from here again, only the carrot cake was kinda good. I gotta find a good place to eat pasta.